README.md, before:

# git-workflow

_Opinionated tools for managing a team based git workflow._


## Principles

- Local `master` is kept clean and relatively up to date with origin
- Avoid merge commits where possible
- Most work occurs in personal branches and are considered private (hence `push -f` is acceptable)


## Commands

### Start

**Pulls master and creates a new feature branch named `$USERNAME/feature`.**

`git start [feature]`


### Sync

**Pulls master and rebases working branch.**

`git sync [-i]`

This is useful to avoid your changes being interleaved with other commits.
For example, say you were coding in your branch and made the changes `A, B, C`.
If you merge with master the commit history may now be `W, A, X, Y, B, Z, C`.
Leaving the history like this can make it harder to rollback a logical set of
changes in one go.  Using rebase, you will replay your commits on the end of
master, resulting in `W, X, Y, Z, A, B, C`.

Often it makes sense to make a lot of changes locally, that you wouldn't
necessarily want to push together, in cases like this you can use
`git sync -i` to interactively rebase your changes  and squash some commits.
This can result in a commit history showing `W, X, Y, Z, D`.

Much cleaner, right? But do be careful that you understand what is going on as
rebase can both squash and remove commits.

### Sync All

**Pulls master and rebases all local branches.**

`git sync-all`

### Pull Request

**Opens a GitHub pull request for the current branch**

`git pull-request`


### Cleanup

**Removes local and remote branches that have been merged into master.**

`git cleanup`


### GitHub Login

**Requests GitHub credentials to be used by other scripts**

`git github-login`

Prompts for GitHub username/password and optional OTP password, then requests a
github auth token. Credentials are stored in `~/.github-auth`.


## Prequisites

- Python 2.7
- Requests - `pip install requests`
- GitPython - `pip install gitpython`


## License

Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

Commit message:

Add python3 support and add a requirements.txt file
Python3 support added by moving all print statements to the
util module, and have the util module output with python logging.

requirements.txt added to make it easier to pip install the requirements
with `pip install -r requirements.txt`

Minor updates to README.md to clarify Python3 support

README.md, after:

# git-workflow

_Opinionated tools for managing a team based git workflow._


## Principles

- Local `master` is kept clean and relatively up to date with origin
- Avoid merge commits where possible
- Most work occurs in personal branches and are considered private (hence `push -f` is acceptable)

## Prequisites

Have Python 2.7 or Python 3.6.

Install requirements:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

Add this folder to your path, so `git` can pick up the scripts.


## Commands

### Start

**Pulls master and creates a new feature branch named `$USERNAME/feature`.**

`git start [feature]`


### Sync

**Pulls master and rebases working branch.**

`git sync [-i]`

This is useful to avoid your changes being interleaved with other commits.
For example, say you were coding in your branch and made the changes `A, B, C`.
If you merge with master the commit history may now be `W, A, X, Y, B, Z, C`.
Leaving the history like this can make it harder to rollback a logical set of
changes in one go.  Using rebase, you will replay your commits on the end of
master, resulting in `W, X, Y, Z, A, B, C`.

Often it makes sense to make a lot of changes locally, that you wouldn't
necessarily want to push together, in cases like this you can use
`git sync -i` to interactively rebase your changes  and squash some commits.
This can result in a commit history showing `W, X, Y, Z, D`.

Much cleaner, right? But do be careful that you understand what is going on as
rebase can both squash and remove commits.

### Sync All

**Pulls master and rebases all local branches.**

`git sync-all`

### Pull Request

**Opens a GitHub pull request for the current branch**

`git pull-request`


### Cleanup

**Removes local and remote branches that have been merged into master.**

`git cleanup`


### GitHub Login

**Requests GitHub credentials to be used by other scripts**

`git github-login`

Prompts for GitHub username/password and optional OTP password, then requests a
github auth token. Credentials are stored in `~/.github-auth`.


## License

Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
